other hair gets up to prepare you added this moment in which the
player of the sports pereira luis moreno kicks the cleaning that fell to the
football field after receiving a balonazo fear of nobody the spectators
they watched the match they will play against the Barranquilla cinema in the
Metropolitan Stadium
we can talk about nothing
until you reach the street when the player can
that what did percent
therefore the first sites
there are ways and ways of a
the living legend took care of the homeland was so much the outrage that
They tried to attack him by throwing all kinds of objects at the end of the
I find now a week a week has not paid kicked animal world
the animal is made of wood that is known to be like that and can not stand
When he was interviewed by the press, the player said he did it to
help the mother nothing can be raised kills so that it would fly was not not
my intention to hurt him although he showed sorry for his attitude the
baseball player
efe the federal deputy
graduate
happen that way
clarified this mdz the bases on the start the owl belfry touched
Aided by the relief agencies was referred to a veterinary clinic
for your valuation
What we are going to do is wait for him to respond to a medication that is
he made for him to leave this state said
the environmental revenue authorities and announced that they will open a
investigation against the player
in to assess the behavior in this case
from the place where the whole country a deer feels assaulted to the owl the statute
of animal protection establishes fines for this type of abuse
even so it stands out for 45 days
the environmental authorities the coat mind the police arrived at 4 30 of
the early morning to the hotel where the player was staying
to have you sign an act today for violation of the protection statute
animal which means that it implies that this signature of the act is effectively
tomorrow, in coordination with the environmental doctors, the
player
of the pereira
in the notification of the opening of the administrative act where it should be
pending to be presented before the damab and subsequently the sanction to
finish the environmental authority in desert ibaka in canyon sanction
which can range from fines to the evening tension up to 45 days of the player
of the team pereira d